# Chat GPT new release

[View on Discourse](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/chat-gpt-new-release/166498)

---
**gshetty** on 2025-02-07T13:56:05.894Z:

Chat GPT has stepped up the game and I am excited ![Here's alt text describing
the image: "A large, stylized emoji of a yellow face with a wide, playful grin
and a long, pink tongue sticking out. The emoji's eyes are simple black dots.
The background is a solid, slightly darker orange-yellow
color."](https://emoji.discourse-cdn.com/google/stuck_out_tongue.png?v=12)

Now I can not only generate the code, but can run it and ask it to fix the
error with a single click. This changes software development and I guess we
are moving in the direction we all know. It also makes this course a lot more
important - the number of new things that I have learnt from this course which
I am able to directly apply to my day to day work is immense. Thanks to
[@s.anand](/u/s.anand) and the entire course team who designed this amazing
course

I hope ChatGPT solves deployment next ![Here's alt text describing the image:
"A simple, round yellow smiley face emoji. It has two small, dark brown or
black eyes and a small, slightly curved upward black mouth, conveying a happy
expression. The background is transparent."](https://emoji.discourse-
cdn.com/google/slight_smile.png?v=12)

[![Here's alt text describing the image: A screenshot shows a code editor
split into two sections. The left section displays a ChatGPT conversation,
with a dark background and light gray text. The conversation shows a user's
request to "refine the solution further," followed by a ChatGPT response that
details a code update to handle environments without SSL using `certifi` and
checking the `PYTHONHTTPSVERIFY` environment variable. The response also notes
a resolved `ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'ssl'` error. The right
section displays Python code within a dark-themed code editor, with syntax
highlighting in various colors (e.g., comments in green, keywords in light
blue). The code appears to fetch and parse a Wikipedia page to generate a
Markdown outline. The code includes comments that explain each step. The
bottom of the right section shows a "Run successfully" message, indicating
successful code execution. The overall color scheme is dark, primarily black
and dark gray, with colorful syntax highlighting in the code. There are also
various buttons and icons present typical of a code editor and chat
interface.](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/0/b/0b553dbb1337d12e5a557065768b503180d8d762_2_690x363.jpeg)Screenshot
2025-02-07 at 7.08.14 PM1920Ã—1012 120 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/0/b/0b553dbb1337d12e5a557065768b503180d8d762.jpeg
"Screenshot 2025-02-07 at 7.08.14 PM")



