# GA2 - Deployment Tools - Discussion Thread [TDS Jan 2025]

[View on Discourse](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/ga2-deployment-tools-discussion-thread-tds-jan-2025/161120)

---
**s.anand** on 2025-01-03T07:12:14.469Z:

Please post any questions related to [Graded Assignment 2 - Deployment
Tools](https://exam.sanand.workers.dev/tds-2025-01-ga2).

* * *

## Important Instruction

Please use markdown code formatting (fenced code blocks) when sharing code in Discourse posts. This makes the code much easier to read and differentiate from non-code text. It also makes it easier for people to copy code snippets and run it themselves. Visit this link for more details: [Extended Syntax | Markdown Guide](https://www.markdownguide.org/extended-syntax/#fenced-code-blocks).

A friendly suggestion: kindly go through [Discourse Docs](/c/docs-
discourse/45)! ![Here's alt text describing the image: "A simple, yellow
smiley face emoji. The face is bright yellow, with two small, dark brown or
black dots for eyes and a simple, slightly upturned black line for a mouth,
conveying a happy expression. The background is
transparent."](https://emoji.discourse-cdn.com/google/slight_smile.png?v=12)

* * *

Deadline: Sunday, February 2, 2025 6:29 PM

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)



---
**carlton** on 2025-01-08T03:10:51.093Z:





---
**22f3001315** on 2025-01-12T17:08:02.850Z:

[![Here's alt text describing the image: "A dark-themed code snippet shows a
question asking for a GitHub Pages URL, followed by an example URL structure
with bracketed placeholders for username and repository name. Below this, a
dark gray input box, bordered in a muted reddish-pink, is empty, and displays
an information icon within a small circle in its right corner. Underneath the
input box is a longer line of code displaying an error message, 'Error:
22f3001315@ds.study.iitm.ac.in is not in the response', followed by HTML code
fragment, showing settings for document type, language, character set,
viewport, title ('Dolphin Facts'), font family (Arial), background color
(#e0f7fa), text color (#333), and text alignment."](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/f/2/f2485af8a009f815219a3df4bbdf15db1322608e_2_690x77.png)Screenshot
2025-01-12 2236301727×195 27.1 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/f/2/f2485af8a009f815219a3df4bbdf15db1322608e.png
"Screenshot 2025-01-12 223630")

  
i have included the email address still its giving error



---
**22f3001315** on 2025-01-12T17:12:33.282Z:

[![Here's alt text describing the image: "A dark-themed code snippet shows a
question, 'What is the Vercel URL? It should look like: https://your-
app.vercel.app/api', followed by a text input field containing the URL
'https://markdarshan.vercel.app/api'. Below the input field, an error message
reads 'TypeError: Failed to fetch' in a lighter red color. The overall color
scheme is dark gray and black, with accents of red for error
indication."](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/e/f/ef0c6289076549898612976667c10de3886cc953_2_690x65.png)Screenshot
2025-01-12 2239561674×158 12.8 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/e/f/ef0c6289076549898612976667c10de3886cc953.png
"Screenshot 2025-01-12 223956")

  
that website is working fine . just write the parameters after /api



---
**Jivraj** on 2025-01-12T21:38:16.588Z:

Hi Guddu,

Can you share your GitHub repo. For GitHub pages question.



---
**Jivraj** on 2025-01-12T21:39:45.792Z:

Check your browser console most probably CORS is causing problem.

Try adding CORS to your code it might work.

Kind regards  
Jivraj



---
**22f3001315** on 2025-01-13T04:10:58.317Z:

[github.com](https://github.com/gkmfrombs/dolfacts)

![Here's alt text describing the image: "GitHub repository page for
'gkmfrombs/dolfacts'. The main text is 'gkmfrombs/dolfacts' in dark gray, with
'gkmfrombs' slightly smaller than 'dolfacts'. A light green pixel art icon,
resembling a simple plus sign, is displayed to the right. Below the repository
name, statistics are shown: 1 contributor, 0 issues, 0 stars, and 0 forks, all
in gray text. A small gray GitHub logo is in the bottom right corner. The
background is white with a burnt orange band at the very
bottom."](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/1/b/1b67fc201449a012745d92b7efdcf9e92fc7a35b_2_690x344.png)

### [GitHub - gkmfrombs/dolfacts](https://github.com/gkmfrombs/dolfacts)

Contribute to gkmfrombs/dolfacts development by creating an account on GitHub.

I have added email in body two times in different ways.



---
**23F300327** on 2025-01-13T20:23:32.007Z:

[![Here's alt text describing the image: A screenshot shows a macOS desktop
displaying a code editor with Python code for a FastAPI application that reads
student data from a CSV file and serves it via a REST API. The code is
predominantly dark-colored (dark background with light-colored text) and
includes comments with explanations like "Enable CORS" and "Load student
data". A terminal window shows the application running using Uvicorn,
displaying successful GET requests to the API. A browser window shows a simple
web interface for the API, with buttons for verification, an image upload, and
an upload progress bar. The overall color scheme is dark, with the primary
colors being black (background), light gray, and various syntax-highlighted
colors from the Python code (e.g., purple, green, light blue). The time
displayed on the screen is 1:39 AM, January 14th. The dock at the bottom shows
various application icons, including Safari, Mail, and VS Code. The filename
"main.py" is visible in the top right corner of the code
editor.](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/2/4/243cab0b6d8a65099dfe8b13b242dd816a4f3205_2_690x431.jpeg)Screenshot
2025-01-14 at 1.39.39 AM1440×900 154 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/2/4/243cab0b6d8a65099dfe8b13b242dd816a4f3205.jpeg
"Screenshot 2025-01-14 at 1.39.39 AM")

  
[@carlton](/u/carlton) can you please tell me what is wrong in this because I
am getting “Error: Response undefined does not match expected” to my answer



---
**22f2001640** on 2025-01-14T08:16:40.821Z:

Facing Issue in GA 2 Question 10 LLM ngrok  

[![Here's alt text describing the image: "A screenshot shows a ngrok error
message. The top of the image displays a flow chart showing a connection from
the internet to a service, with a red 'X' indicating failure at the 'ngrok
Agent' stage. Below this, a red box displays the error code 'ERR_NGROK_8012'
and explains that while traffic successfully reached the ngrok agent, a
connection to the service at 'http://localhost:8080' failed due to a
'connection refused' error. A text box shows the detailed error. Further
instructions are provided for both developers ('If you're the developer of
this page...') and visitors ('If you're a visitor of this page...'). The
overall color scheme is primarily white and light gray with accents of red and
green."](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/e/2/e2d34a628bc87d88e8e28cbb9a08254c16f6ba76_2_690x318.png)image1920×886
45.7 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/e/2/e2d34a628bc87d88e8e28cbb9a08254c16f6ba76.png
"image")

  
I tired multiple times but issue is still there.  
[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand) Kindly help
me out.



---
**carlton** on 2025-01-14T08:51:38.605Z:

Hi Mishkat,

Please use triple backticks to encapsulate code, so that we can debug your
code more easily.

eg

    
    
    if __name__ == "__main__":
       print ("Hello")
    

Please use this discourse etiquette to share code.

Thanks and kind regards



---
**22f3001315** on 2025-01-14T09:20:15.143Z:

sir did you check yet what is the problem in this one?



---
**23F300327** on 2025-01-14T10:12:42.463Z:


    from fastapi import FastAPI, Query
    from fastapi.middleware.cors import CORSMiddleware
    from typing import List, Optional
    import csv
    
    app = FastAPI()
    
    # Enable CORS
    app.add_middleware(
        CORSMiddleware,
        allow_origins=["*"],  # Allow all origins
        allow_credentials=True,
        allow_methods=["*"],  # Allow all methods
        allow_headers=["*"],  # Allow all headers
    )
    
    # Load student data from the specified CSV file
    students = []
    with open('/Users/mish/Downloads/q-fastapi.csv', mode='r') as file:
        reader = csv.DictReader(file)
        for row in reader:
            students.append({
                "studentId": int(row["studentId"]),
                "class": row["class"]
            })
    
    @app.get("/api")
    async def get_students(class_: Optional[List[str]] = Query(None)):
        print(f"Requested classes: {class_}")  # Debugging line
        if class_:
            filtered_students = [student for student in students if student["class"] in class_]
            print(f"Filtered students: {filtered_students}")  # Debugging line
            return {"students": filtered_students}
        return {"students": students}
    
    if __name__ == "__main__":
        import uvicorn
        uvicorn.run(app, host="127.0.0.1", port=8000)
    



---
**Jivraj** on 2025-01-14T10:30:40.928Z:

Hi Mishkat,

This error is because you are filtering on `class_` instead of `class`

So if you send a request on `http://127.0.0.1/api?class_=1S` you will see
response for that `1S` class only.

kind regards



---
**23F300327** on 2025-01-14T10:38:20.276Z:

thank you so much after modifying the code it got accepted



---
**Jivraj** on 2025-01-14T11:17:13.952Z:

Hi Guddu,

Inside `index.html` file of your repo, don’t put html code just put your email
in the file nothing else.

This issue is because when you deploy on github pages it encrypts any email
that’s on page.

kind regards.



---
**Nelson** on 2025-01-14T11:23:37.066Z:

I am facing an issue with Docker Desktop.

[![Here's alt text describing the image: "A dark-themed error message from
Docker Desktop. The title reads 'Docker Desktop - Unexpected WSL error'. The
message explains an unexpected error occurred during a WSL command, suggesting
to shut down WSL using 'wsl --shutdown', reboot, reinstall WSL or Docker
Desktop, or collect diagnostics and submit an issue. A detailed error message
displays 'deploying WSL2 distributions ensuring main distro is deployed:
deploying "docker-desktop": importing WSL distro "WSL2 is not supported with'.
Below is a link to a policy for uploaded diagnostic data, a 'Gather
diagnostics' button, and a 'Quit' button. All text is white against a dark
gray or black background. The overall color scheme is dark and
professional."](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/d/7/d7bcf7a2f709561b98fa8bde031ab5d1e81a4a0d.png)Docker
Desktop Error558×377 27 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/d/7/d7bcf7a2f709561b98fa8bde031ab5d1e81a4a0d.png
"Docker Desktop Error")

I have uninstalled and installed Docker (run as administrator).

wsl --version

    
    
    WSL version: 2.3.26.0
    Kernel version: 5.15.167.4-1
    WSLg version: 1.0.65
    MSRDC version: 1.2.5620
    Direct3D version: 1.611.1-81528511
    DXCore version: 10.0.26100.1-240331-1435.ge-release
    Windows version: 10.0.19045.5011
    

Tried many solutions after googling for the issue.  
So far no solution. Anyone else faced this issue and found a solution?



---
**Jivraj** on 2025-01-14T11:26:08.672Z:

Hi Telvin,

Try opening `localhost:8080` in browser if that works, if it opens in browser
then issue might be with some network configurations.

I solved this question in github codespace, which didn’t require me to make
any changes in network.

kind regards

kind regards



---
**s.anand** on 2025-01-14T11:43:33.780Z:

[@Nelson](/u/nelson) I would recommend [Podman](https://podman.io/) or [Docker
CE](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/ubuntu/) rather than [Docker
Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/).

Docker Desktop is [not free for organizations over 250
people](https://docs.docker.com/subscription/desktop-license/) and many
organizations have therefore moved away from it.



---
**22f2001640** on 2025-01-14T12:26:01.055Z:

[@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) I tired ,
in browser localhost:8080 is working fine but ngrok is not working. Is there
any other tools for tunneling that can be used.



---
**s.anand** on 2025-01-14T12:52:41.809Z:

[@22f2001640](/u/22f2001640) in that case

  * a firewall or local security settings might block access to port 8080, or
  * a network restriction is blocking access to port 8080

Please try one of these:

  * Try the same on a personal laptop on a public / home network
  * GitHub codespaces, as [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) suggested

You _could_ try an ngrok alternative like
[localtunnel](https://localtunnel.github.io/www/) but I don’t think that’ll
work.



