# Graded assignment 1 - Submission not shown

[View on Discourse](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/graded-assignment-1-submission-not-shown/165396)

---
**Muthupalaniappan** on 2025-01-26T19:31:14.825Z:

Hello,

I submitted my graded assignment for TDS course. But unfortunately I did not
see the question in the portal asking if I have seen all questions and
attended the exam. Can someone please clarify if it shall be graded still?

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)

[![Here's alt text describing the image: A screenshot shows a webpage
displaying information about recent saves and user login details. The top bar
is red and shows "Ended at Sun, 26 Jan, 2025, 11:59 pm IST". Below it, a
light-blue box displays a message: "Have questions? Join the discussion on
Discourse". Further down, the text "You are logged in as
22ds1000103@ds.study.iitm.ac.in" is visible, followed by a "Logout" button. A
light-green box labeled "Recent saves" contains three entries, each showing a
"Reload" button followed by a date, time, and score (e.g., "from 1/27/2025,
12:53:12 AM. Score: 9.5"). The overall color scheme uses red, light blue, and
light green accents against a white background.](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/0/2/02d5c238cb5d933e537ef2c236c52132ffcfa333_2_690x271.png)image1340×527
17.9 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/0/2/02d5c238cb5d933e537ef2c236c52132ffcfa333.png
"image")

[![Here's alt text describing the image: An online graded assignment form
displays, showing the assignment is past due (due date: 2025-01-26, 23:59
IST). The form is primarily white with dark gray text. It states that multiple
submissions are allowed before the deadline and that only the final submission
will be graded. Troubleshooting tips are listed for users experiencing access
problems, including disabling ad blockers, enabling cookies and Javascript,
and using Chrome browser. The user *must* use their student ID (example format
provided) to access the assignment. A single multiple-choice question asks if
the user has viewed and attempted the assignment, with "Yes" and "No" options;
the user selected "No," resulting in a score of 0. The accepted answer is
indicated as "Yes." The overall color scheme is muted, with white background
and dark gray text. A "1 point" indication is visible in the top right corner.
A hyperlink, "this link," is embedded in the text.](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/7/6/76ef23eb9260d3e215c3ebb09afd1dc74baae294_2_690x385.png)image1002×560
51.4 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/7/6/76ef23eb9260d3e215c3ebb09afd1dc74baae294.png
"image")



---
**carlton** on 2025-01-27T03:13:25.884Z:

[@Muthupalaniappan](/u/muthupalaniappan)

It is saying you did not attempt it because you did not answer the seek portal
question.

You are not graded on the seek portal question. It only exists to make sure
you saw the GA and attempted it. You are only graded on your submission of GA1
on the actual assignment page where your last saved submission is used for
grading.

Kind regards



---
**21f3000599** on 2025-01-27T05:29:27.718Z:

Dear Sir,  
I encountered the same issue as mentioned. Could you please confirm whether GA
1 will still be evaluated under this condition, and if we will receive our
actual score based on the last saved submission on the assignment page?



---
**Venkatesh_2k01** on 2025-01-27T05:39:41.812Z:

sir can you please allow us to submit it . like open the seek portal for a few
mins . because we have worked hard to finished the assignment and all our
hardwork will be in vain … please



---
**carlton** on 2025-01-27T06:12:53.024Z:

![Here's alt text describing the image: "Close-up headshot of a man with tan
skin, dark hair, and dark-framed glasses. He's wearing a purple collared
shirt. The background is a plain, pale yellow. The man has a slight smile and
appears to be in his twenties or thirties."](https://dub1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/user_avatar/discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/carlton/48/56317_2.png)
carlton:

> You are only graded on your submission of GA1 on the actual assignment page
> where your last saved submission is used for grading.

[@Venkatesh_2k01](/u/venkatesh_2k01) [@21f3000599](/u/21f3000599)  
Please refer to above reply



---
**21f3000599** on 2025-01-27T05:21:53.338Z:

Hello,  
I accessed the assignment through the provided link and attempted and saved
it. But unfortunately I forgot to submit it on my course LMS. I have put in a
lot of effort to complete this and I scored 9, so I kindly request you to
consider it and provide your clarification on the matter.



---
**23f2005471** on 2025-01-27T09:52:32.240Z:

Respected Sir,  
I made the similar mistake of not selecting a yes on the seek IITM portal  
According to your previous replies, does it imply that only the answers
submitted through the link provided will be considered for evaluation
regardless of the seek portal selection for this time?  
Thanks



---
**carlton** on 2025-01-27T10:30:47.309Z:

[@23f2005471](/u/23f2005471)

Correct! Only scores that were saved in your actual last submission on the ga
page itself will be evaluated (the portal question is just to make sure you
were aware of the GA and confirm that you attempted it).

Kind regards



---
**22f3002539** on 2025-01-27T11:52:15.849Z:

Respected Sir/Madam,

I have submitted the TDS GA 1 assignment but failed to submit the Yes or NO
option in the checkbox  
I request you to please consider my submission as I have scored 6/10 marks in
the assignment  
and if you won’t my whole efforts will be lost just because of this  

[![Here's alt text describing the image: "A screenshot of a graded assignment
webpage shows a multiple choice question with troubleshooting instructions
above it. The main text is in dark grey against a light grey background. The
title 'Graded Assignment 1' is in a bold, slightly larger font. A numbered
list explains possible reasons for difficulty accessing the assignment (e.g.,
ad blockers, cookies, javascript). The student is instructed to use their
student ID, which is given as an example. The question asks if the student has
viewed the assignment at a given link. A radio button choice allows the user
to select 'Yes' or 'No.' The answer provided was 'No,' resulting in a score of
0 and a message saying 'No, the answer is incorrect.' The 'Accepted Answers'
section shows 'Yes'. A '1 point' label is visible next to the question. The
overall color scheme is muted and professional. A back arrow is present in the
top left corner."](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/5/e/5e679a390c2c28452082014cf26d1200083f2ec4_2_690x374.png)image1463×795
64.3 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/5/e/5e679a390c2c28452082014cf26d1200083f2ec4.png
"image")



---
**carlton** on 2025-01-27T12:34:17.956Z:

![Here's alt text describing the image: "Close-up headshot of a man with tan
skin, wearing black-framed glasses and a purple collared shirt. He has short
dark hair and a slight smile. The background is a plain, light yellow or beige
color."](https://dub1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/user_avatar/discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/carlton/48/56317_2.png)
carlton:

> You are not graded on the seek portal question. It only exists to make sure
> you saw the GA and attempted it. You are only graded on your submission of
> GA1 on the actual assignment page where your last saved submission is used
> for grading.

[@22f3002539](/u/22f3002539) Please refer to above reply.

Kind regards



---
**Thinesh** on 2025-01-28T07:54:54.088Z:

Dear [@s.anand](/u/s.anand) sir,  
For the TDS week 1 assignment, I have submitted it in the link (this link)
that was mentioned in the graded assignment but I did not submit yes in the
portal tab. Can you please help me out this one time??

I will make sure I submit it in both places next time.

I kindly request you to help me out this one time, as this will really impact
my grade particularly as of this course.  
I got a total of 9.5 in this assignment but as you can see in the image
attached below I erred up with this submission  

[![Here's alt text describing the image: "A screenshot of a multiple-choice
question and answer feedback. The question asks if the user has viewed Graded
Assignment 1, accessible via a link. The user selected 'No,' resulting in the
feedback 'No, the answer is incorrect.' The score is displayed as '0'. The
'Accepted Answers' section shows 'Yes' as the correct response. The text
colors are primarily black, with red used for the incorrect answer feedback
and green for 'Accepted Answers'."](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/0/6/06e671d604773ce8d8708608a4ec889ac8d28621_2_690x436.png)image747×473
15 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/0/6/06e671d604773ce8d8708608a4ec889ac8d28621.png
"image")



---
**carlton** on 2025-01-28T08:03:25.925Z:

[@Thinesh](/u/thinesh) please refer to the above response.

Kind regards



---
**23f1002223** on 2025-01-27T15:06:04.056Z:

Good evening, I have submitted my GA1 in the ex website  

[![Here's alt text describing the image: A dark-themed webpage shows the
results of an online quiz or assignment. The top displays a red banner
indicating the assignment ended on Sunday, January 26th, 2025, at 11:59 PM
IST. Below, in light text on a dark background, are instructions permitting
the use of any resources, including internet searches, AI tools like ChatGPT,
and code hacking, to complete the assignment. The text also offers guidance on
estimating performance in the course based on completion time and score. A
teal button reads "Have questions? Join the discussion on Discourse". Further
down, the user's login information (partially obscured email address ending in
"@ds.study.iitm.ac.in") and a "Logout" button are visible. Finally, a section
titled "Recent saves" displays three entries, each indicating a reload
timestamp of January 26th, 2025, 11:59:45 PM, and a score of 9.5. The overall
color scheme is dark gray and teal, with accents of red in the
header.](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/2/4/248ba6ca7a631c6575fff25f803101db067308f7_2_690x322.png)image1895×885
65.2 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/2/4/248ba6ca7a631c6575fff25f803101db067308f7.png
"image")

I  
however, I was unable to submit [press the yes] on the iitm TDS coursework
site.  
I just wanted to confirm that my assignment will be graded and taken into
consideration.  
Thank you



---
**22f3001365** on 2025-01-27T17:53:42.723Z:

hi  
even i have faced the same issue



---
**Anshuman_Dave** on 2025-01-28T06:14:06.723Z:

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton) I had made my submission for GA1
on the website and also secured 9/10, image attached as shown. But in the
course dashboard i missed out on the trivial step of clicking Yes. Since i am
also logged in from my email on the evaluatio website and my score is saved,
can iT PLEASE be considered for evaluation.  

[![Here's alt text describing the image: A screenshot shows a dark-themed
online assignment submission interface. At the top, a dark gray box displays
three attempts at an assignment: "Reload from 1/26/2025, 12:25:43 PM. Score:
9," "Reload from 1/26/2025, 12:22:01 PM. Score: 8.5," and "Reload from
1/26/2025, 11:46:22 AM. Score: 8". Below this, the user has typed a message
requesting reevaluation of their assignment as they forgot a step. A progress
bar shows options of 100%, 75%, and 50%, with a trashcan icon. Further down, a
form asks if the user has seen and attempted the assignment. A radio button
option for "Yes" is unchecked, and the option for "No" is unchecked. The
answer “No, the answer is incorrect” is displayed in red text. "Score: 0" is
shown below this. Below that, the form displays "Accepted Answers:" with "Yes"
displayed under it. The overall color scheme is dark gray and green. A portion
of an email address, "22f3xxxxxx@ds.study.iitm.ac.in", is visible as part of
an instruction. The text uses a sans-serif font.](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/a/1/a19db9b2ea7ddf2313099689f75e46080efce62e_2_617x500.png)image856×693
86.9 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/a/1/a19db9b2ea7ddf2313099689f75e46080efce62e.png
"image")



---
**carlton** on 2025-01-28T08:06:59.187Z:

[@Thinesh](/u/thinesh) [@23f1002223](/u/23f1002223)
[@22f3001365](/u/22f3001365) [@Anshuman_Dave](/u/anshuman_dave)

![Here's alt text describing the image: "Close-up headshot of a man with tan
skin, dark hair, and dark-framed glasses. He's wearing a purple collared
shirt. The background is a pale, yellowish-beige. The man has a pleasant
expression."](https://dub1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/user_avatar/discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/carlton/48/56317_2.png)
[Graded assignment 1 - Submission not
shown](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/graded-
assignment-1-submission-not-shown/165396/2) [Tools in Data
Science](/c/courses/tds-kb/34)

> [@Muthupalaniappan](/u/muthupalaniappan) It is saying you did not attempt it
> because you did not answer the seek portal question. You are not graded on
> the seek portal question. It only exists to make sure you saw the GA and
> attempted it. You are only graded on your submission of GA1 on the actual
> assignment page where your last saved submission is used for grading. Kind
> regards

Please refer to this post.

Kind regards



---
**Mandy** on 2025-01-29T19:53:05.212Z:

[![Here's alt text describing the image: A screenshot shows a computer screen
displaying the results of a coding test or quiz. At the top, a red banner
shows "Ended at Sun, 26 Jan, 2025, 11:59 pm IST Score: 0," followed by "Check"
and "Save" buttons. Below, a light green box displays "Recent saves," listing
three entries with timestamps and scores, such as "Loaded from 1/26/2025,
11:51:50 PM. Score: 6". The main part of the screen lists "Questions" numbered
1-18, each with a programming-related task and its point value in parentheses,
e.g., "1. VS Code Version (0.25 marks)". The overall color scheme is muted,
with mostly white background and light green and red
accents.](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/5/b/5b76445eee9ba8c37095e6283e8a59cdcfa92a63_2_554x499.png)image941×849
35.1 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/5/b/5b76445eee9ba8c37095e6283e8a59cdcfa92a63.png
"image")



---
**carlton** on 2025-01-30T03:58:21.931Z:

Hi Mandy,

Your scores will be pushed to the Dashboard from your saved submissions.
Ignore the seek Portal result (that was a placeholder question to make
students aware that GA had been released).

Kind regards



---
**23ds2000134** on 2025-01-30T11:29:14.181Z:

I have done my GA1 and scored 10/10 still it’s showing 0 on my dashboard.  

[![Here's alt text describing the image: A screenshot shows a coding exercise
interface on a dark-themed screen. The top section displays a due date: "Due
Sun, 26 Jan, 2025, 11:59 pm IST" and a score of "10/10". Below is a code
snippet in a light-colored box, reading "FROM tickets WHERE LOWER(TRIM(type))
= 'gold';". The word "Correct" is displayed below the code. Further down,
instructions read: "Get all rows where the Type is 'Gold'. Ignore spaces and
treat mis-spellings like GOLD, gold, etc. as 'Gold'. Calculate the sales as
Units". Buttons labeled "Check" and "Save" are visible. Below, a message
confirms "Submitted," with a warning that resubmission will overwrite the
previous answer. A final note encourages regular saving. The overall color
scheme is dark gray and teal with accents of
green.](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/f/2/f243581ee96bbe3cf7d61045cac975ed7e2c662d_2_690x362.jpeg)GA11519×799
75.2 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/f/2/f243581ee96bbe3cf7d61045cac975ed7e2c662d.jpeg
"GA1")



---
**23ds2000134** on 2025-01-30T11:30:13.099Z:

[![Here's alt text describing the image: A screenshot shows a student's grades
for "Module 1: Development Tools" on a digital learning platform, likely from
IIT Madras. The top bar displays "IIT Madras" with a logo, and "Jan 2025 -
TDS". A sidebar shows "Modules" and "Grades" icons with respective labels. The
main content area shows the assignment title "Graded Assignment 1," its due
date (26 Jan 2025), and the status "Submitted." The student's score is 100,
the peer average is 99%, and the median score is 100. Links labeled "View
Chart" are available for scores and peer average. The overall color scheme is
light gray and white, with teal accents highlighting the "Submitted" status
and "View Chart" links. A small upward arrow indicates a collapsible section.
The top right corner contains notification icons.](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/8/1/81b642f0e6a2339dc3c900958ff5255f59b79243_2_690x237.jpeg)TDS
GA11080×371 18.9 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/8/1/81b642f0e6a2339dc3c900958ff5255f59b79243.jpeg
"TDS GA1")

  
Wrong GA1 score on my dashboard



