# IMPORTANT: Dockerfile submitted as dockerfile rest everything is working fine

[View on Discourse](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/important-dockerfile-submitted-as-dockerfile-rest-everything-is-working-fine/167415)

---
**nayonika** on 2025-02-16T15:34:00.030Z:

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
I got a mail saying my Dockerfile is missing. However I have a dockerfile
already in my github repository. Is it an issue with the spelling of
dockerfile since I have submitted it in all small case as ‘dockerfile’. It was
showing the score when I checked with the evaluate.py that was provided by
iitm.

Shall I just change the name of the file from ‘dockerfile’ to ‘Dockerfile’ in
github repository of mine or is there anything else that is needed to detect
the Dockerfile?



---
**Saransh_Saini** on 2025-02-16T16:22:25.231Z:

The name of the Dockerfile should be “Dockerfile” indeed, more over check
other sections of your submission like

  * Is the GitHub repo public?
  * Does it have an MIT license?
  * Does it have a DockerFile?
  * Is the Docker image accessible?



---
**nayonika** on 2025-02-16T16:23:55.760Z:

Oh ok made the changes in Github. I hope submitting again is not required
since the links and names are same.



---
**22f3000585** on 2025-02-17T07:34:13.842Z:

![Here's alt text for the image: "A white background displays a two-line black
text message. The top line reads, 'No such repo; No "MIT" in LICENSE; No
Dockerfile'. The bottom line reads, 'Please ensure that your submission passes
the above checklist for it to be even considered for
scoring.'"](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/b/f/bf69a3cdef0ecdaeb2a38ccd8fa511d1f41a4312.png)  
Sir, i got this mail. I have checked that the repo is public and already has a
Dockerfile.  
I have renamed the ‘LICENSE’ file as ‘MIT LICENSE’.



---
**satviksawhney** on 2025-02-18T08:30:13.921Z:

Sir, please consider it we have spent a lot of time, in my case just the d in
Dockerfile was small that too on remote repository. On my local repository it
was Dockerfile only I even have a published docker image as verified by you
autated script only. The name of the file on remote repository did not change
even after commit it through my local repo, once I read the mail in morning it
was only then I realised it wasn’t changed on GitHub repo.

Sir I understand the deadline has passed and I am not asking for a
resubmission, I am just asking to consider the already submitted work, just
that. It would be really helpful. I just have one commit on my repo that too
“Rename dockerfile to Dokerfile” . Sir please attest consider what we have
already submitted. I have made no changes as you can verify it too.

Sir it is a humble request to please consider it.

Warm Regards,  
Satvik Sawhney  
23f2003680

[![Here's alt text describing the image: A dark-themed file explorer or
similar interface shows a list of files and folders. The items are listed in a
vertical, row-like format. Each row displays a file or folder icon (folder for
directories, document for files), the file/folder name, a brief description of
changes or actions made to the item, and the date of the last change. The
dates show times ranging from "yesterday" to "2 days ago" and "3 days ago".
The color scheme is predominantly dark gray or black with light gray text. The
file and folder names include "Business", "Operations", "app", "Dockerfile",
"LICENSE", and "README.md". The descriptions include details like
"Reconfigured tasks", "Updated Dockerfile", and "Rename dockerfile". Small
icons are present to the far right, next to the date, representing different
actions or status indicators. The overall impression is a technical log or
recent activity report for a software project.](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/1/a/1a5f2ea044383efcb5d248ddb487665e9e65957d_2_690x170.png)Screenshot
2025-02-18 at 1.53.10 PM1889×467 54 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/1/a/1a5f2ea044383efcb5d248ddb487665e9e65957d.png
"Screenshot 2025-02-18 at 1.53.10 PM")



