# LLM what rocket science going on here

[View on Discourse](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/llm-what-rocket-science-going-on-here/166303)

---
**21f3002112** on 2025-02-05T05:04:10.385Z:

The lectures primarily focus on surface-level explanations without ensuring a
strong foundational understanding of the topics. Key concepts, such as Large
Language Models (LLMs) and related technologies, are not explained in a
structured manner, making it difficult for students to follow.



---
**21f3002112** on 2025-02-05T05:06:15.787Z:

[@carlton](/u/carlton) sir i watch live session recording , but still not
getting some useful from it , I am talking about week 3 content in llm , these
words are never heard by us so please try to tech from basic things please .
At least tell us , what is llm and what is use of , everything is going to
above of our head .



---
**carlton** on 2025-02-06T05:49:08.446Z:

Hi Hari,

The goal of the course was never to go deep into specific technologies, with
perhaps the exception of LLMs as major tooling capability for data science.
Due to the volume of the content in the first 3 weeks it was decided to at
least get students sufficient information to be able to do the Graded
Assignments. One of the criticisms we received last term was that the sessions
were too slow because we were covering from the very basics. So it was a
conscious decision to speed up and shorten the explanations. Of course this is
always difficult to get right because we respond to students in sessions. This
is why attending the sessions is more valuable than watching the sessions. We
cannot effectively gauge what level to pitch at if the audience is silent or
not involved. We can only guess the level of the vast silent mass of students.
The quality of sessions only improve when the sessions are interactive and
well attended.

Have you watched this session in particular?

[ ![Here's alt text for the image: "A graphic announcing "Week 3 Session 1."
The background is peach-colored and features a collage of colorful, stylized
icons representing data analysis, including charts, graphs, a smartphone,
pencils, and other data-related imagery. The text "Week 3" and "Session 1" is
prominently displayed in a bold, white sans-serif font against a dark-blue
rectangle in the center."](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/5/f/5f761086e44617c54e405c03db45772d8428e8df.jpeg)
](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmSMQ5LWa30&t=3133)

If thats insufficient for you last term we did a 2hr 48 min session on just
introducing it

[ ![Here's alt text describing the image: A screenshot shows a computer screen
displaying a customized Chrome browser homepage. The background is a vibrant
orange featuring an illustration of Naruto Uzumaki, a popular anime character,
in his signature orange jumpsuit. Overlaid on the orange background are
several dark-brown square tiles, each representing a different web application
or document. Some tiles have small icons and text labels, partially visible
and include names like "TDS Discourse," "App Dev II Project Doc," "(159) Tools
in Data Science," "Java Tutorial," "Prime Number Program," "PDSA," and "tds
june 2024." The browser's address bar shows "Meet - odh-ycbm-ahj" and "Large
language models" are also visible in the address bar. The bottom of the screen
shows the Windows taskbar with various application icons. To the right of the
main screen, a smaller, black window is visible, displaying the name "Amit
Kumar Gupta" below a stylized white droplet logo. The overall color scheme is
dominated by orange, brown, and dark gray. The time shown in the bottom right
corner of the main window is 20:14, 11-07-2024.](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/c/3/c37c79aa38f5d6c672b5a13b4f99a012a7e5da74.jpeg)
](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3OdReZsvi2w)

followed by another 2 hour detailed explanation of the more advanced use cases

[ ![Alt text: A screenshot shows a computer screen displaying a web browser
with a course module on data sourcing. The main content is a lesson outlining
data extraction techniques, featuring a five-star rating and reviews. A
section titled "Optional: Real-life scraping" includes a video embed showing a
website data scraping demo from emarketer.com. The left sidebar lists course
modules including “Data discovery”, “Data sourcing”, "Data preparation", etc.
At the bottom of the screen, various application icons are visible in the
macOS dock. In the upper right corner, a small profile picture of Carlton
D'Silva is displayed. The overall color scheme is dark gray and white, with
accents of blue and green from application icons.](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/6/f/6f939856a1a40a564cc355f6fd4a217178902967.jpeg)
](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ELZf0n_0u9w)

But of course does everyone want to watch 5.5 hours of sessions to understand
it? That depends on the student.

Ultimately the best you can get out of sessions is by actually attending them
because only then can we address gaps in understanding.

Kind regards



