# Project 2 - TDS Solver - Shared Data Pool

[View on Discourse](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/project-2-tds-solver-shared-data-pool/169045)

---
**23f1002382** on 2025-03-03T07:17:32.847Z:

# Project 2 - TDS Solver - Discussion Thread

### Creating this Thread to share answers and questions from your respective
assignments

### Why? ![[Image description unavailable]](https://emoji.discourse-
cdn.com/google/interrobang.png?v=12)![[Image description
unavailable]](https://emoji.discourse-cdn.com/google/thinking.png?v=12)

If we can Train the LLM with these Questions already, we can easily do well?

### Too many Questions for LLM ![[Image description
unavailable]](https://emoji.discourse-
cdn.com/google/nerd_face.png?v=12)![[Image description
unavailable]](https://emoji.discourse-
cdn.com/google/nerd_face.png?v=12)![[Image description
unavailable]](https://emoji.discourse-cdn.com/google/nerd_face.png?v=12)

True we can use embeddings, map that stored in-system dictionary and use
relevant questions from in-system data to send as context with answer

### What We need from YOU 🫵🏽

Get to scraping your respective Graded Assignments and post the it?

### How?

  * If answers are saved, Just Print (Ctrl+P) and save pdf, not really if this would work
  * If you had saved code for each question, send the saved code and with a docstring as the question , This would be useful ![Here's alt text for the image: "A simple cartoon drawing of a light beige hand giving a thumbs-up gesture against a black background. The hand is slightly pixelated, suggesting a digital drawing or graphic."](https://emoji.discourse-cdn.com/google/+1/3.png?v=12)![[Image description unavailable]](https://emoji.discourse-cdn.com/google/+1/3.png?v=12)

### Where?![[Image description unavailable]](https://emoji.discourse-
cdn.com/google/thinking.png?v=12)![[Image description
unavailable]](https://emoji.discourse-
cdn.com/google/man_shrugging/3.png?v=12)![[Image description
unavailable]](https://emoji.discourse-cdn.com/google/man_shrugging/3.png?v=12)

[github.com/ANdIeCOOl/TDS-
Project2-QuestionBank](https://github.com/ANdIeCOOl/TDS-
Project2-QuestionBank/blob/main/README.md)

#### [README.md](https://github.com/ANdIeCOOl/TDS-
Project2-QuestionBank/blob/main/README.md)

[`main`](https://github.com/ANdIeCOOl/TDS-
Project2-QuestionBank/blob/main/README.md)

    
    
    # TDS-Project2-QuestionBank
    Question Bank for all TDS assignments
    
    # Requested format
    ## Student Assignments Directory Structure
    
    Each student has a folder named with their roll number. Inside each student's folder, there are multiple assignment folders (`Assignment_X`). Each assignment contains:
    - A `.txt` file with the question statement.
    - A corresponding `.py`, `.sh`, or `.js` file for the solution.
    
    ### Example Directory Structure
    RollNo_12345/
    ├── Assignment_1/
    │   ├── Q1.txt    # Question for Q1
    │   ├── Q1.py     # Solution in Python
    │   ├── Q2.txt    # Question for Q2
    │   ├── Q2.sh     # Solution in Bash
    │   ├── Q3.txt    # Question for Q3
    │   ├── Q3.js     # Solution in JavaScript
    ├── Assignment_2/
    

This file has been truncated. [show
original](https://github.com/ANdIeCOOl/TDS-
Project2-QuestionBank/blob/main/README.md)

Please note, Please send the code it would make the LLM more idk “better”

Cheers,  
Andrew out. ![Here's alt text describing the image: "A cartoon illustration of
a light brown-skinned fist, clenched tightly. The fist is depicted in a
simple, slightly stylized manner against a black background. There is no text
present."](https://emoji.discourse-cdn.com/google/facepunch/4.png?v=12)  
@all



---
**23f1002382** on 2025-03-03T07:20:38.141Z:

This time I’ll create a functioning script way before deadline for everyone to
use .  
![Here's alt text describing the image: "The Jolly Roger of the Straw Hat
Pirates from the anime One Piece. A black pirate flag, attached to a brown
wooden mast, billows in a bright blue sky dotted with fluffy white clouds. The
flag features a cartoon skull wearing a straw hat, with crossbones behind it.
The skull is white with black eye sockets, and a large grin. The hat is orange
with a red band. The style is characteristic of Japanese
animation."](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/a/2/a2ca53960e1ef9d9566dd1648096df09332e6310.gif)



---
**Jivraj** on 2025-03-03T11:21:09.094Z:

Hi [@23f1002382](/u/23f1002382)

Great initiative, will be happy to see lot of PR’s on your repo.



---
**23f1002382** on 2025-03-03T11:45:57.715Z:

![[Image description unavailable: Could not fetch
image]](https://avatars.discourse-cdn.com/v4/letter/j/b9bd4f/48.png) Jivraj:

> e, will be happy to see lot of PR’s on your re

Will ![[Image description unavailable]](https://emoji.discourse-
cdn.com/google/x.png?v=12)  
Hopefully ![Here's alt text for the image: "A bright green square button with
a large, white checkmark in the center. The checkmark indicates completion or
confirmation. The button has a slightly glossy, three-dimensional
appearance."](https://emoji.discourse-
cdn.com/google/white_check_mark.png?v=12)  
…



---
**23f1003186** on 2025-03-04T08:58:05.322Z:

Already did a PR although it was a minor formatting one xDD



---
**23f1002382** on 2025-03-04T09:29:48.657Z:

yeah thanks that helped a lot actually



