# Project 1 - Casual banter

[View on Discourse](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/project-1-casual-banter/167344)

---
**TheVishal** on 2025-02-15T16:55:08.372Z:

[@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)

# Please extend the deadline please.

[![Here's alt text describing the image: A gray and white Scottish Fold cat is
seen from above, sitting upright on a light brown wood floor. Its paws are
pressed together in front of its chest, as if praying or pleading. The cat's
large, round eyes are expressive. The fur is predominantly white on its chest
and belly, with gray tabby markings on its back and legs. The background is a
simple, light brown wood grain floor.](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/7/7/7742d688f4b033b15ac1a4af0c1f2eda19c31093.jpeg)88394c0c2e80a1326cfffe020684be4a480×270
10.3 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/7/7/7742d688f4b033b15ac1a4af0c1f2eda19c31093.jpeg
"88394c0c2e80a1326cfffe020684be4a")



---
**carlton** on 2025-02-15T16:56:02.051Z:

Done ![Here's alt text describing the image: "A simple, round yellow emoticon
with a small, subtly curved smile and two small, dark eyes. The overall color
is a bright, slightly golden yellow, and the eyes and mouth are dark brown or
black. The emoticon conveys a feeling of gentle happiness or
contentment."](https://emoji.discourse-cdn.com/google/slight_smile.png?v=12)

Kind regards  
Cant say no to a fuzzy wuzzy cat ![Here's alt text for the image: "A bright
yellow emoji with a wide, happy smile. Its eyes are replaced with two red
hearts, conveying a feeling of love or adoration. The emoji is set against a
slightly darker orange background."](https://emoji.discourse-
cdn.com/google/heart_eyes.png?v=12)



---
**AyushTiwari** on 2025-02-15T16:59:12.129Z:

Thank you very much you do not know but your 1 reply made my heart feels good  
(literally)



---
**Rishabh2** on 2025-02-15T16:59:38.060Z:

What’s the new date sir



---
**22f3000639** on 2025-02-15T16:59:47.595Z:

Now I can definitely say that a cat saved me today.



---
**23f1002382** on 2025-02-15T17:00:50.465Z:

??? You are joking? BUT really maybe 11:59 + 2 hours ![Here's alt text
describing the image: "A yellow emoji-style face is shown, appearing
thoughtful or concerned. The face is predominantly bright yellow-orange, with
dark brown eyes and a slightly downturned mouth. A hand, also yellow-orange,
is depicted touching the face's chin in a gesture of contemplation. The
background is a slightly darker orange shade than the face itself. There is no
text present."](https://emoji.discourse-cdn.com/google/thinking.png?v=12)



---
**AyushTiwari** on 2025-02-15T17:03:30.032Z:

This project is due on 16 Feb 2025 EoD IST. Results will be announced by 26
Feb 2025.



---
**carlton** on 2025-02-15T17:04:20.111Z:

Sunday 16/02/2025 23:59 IST



---
**23f2003751** on 2025-02-15T17:07:57.722Z:

bro is obsessed with this ![Here's alt text describing the image: "A cartoon
emoticon depicting a face laughing so hard it's crying. The face is
predominantly yellow, with a wide, open mouth showing a pink tongue and white
teeth. Two large, teardrop-shaped blue tears are streaming down its cheeks.
The eyes are squeezed shut in a joyful expression indicated by black, angled
lines. The overall style is simplistic and resembles a common emoji used to
convey laughter and amusement."](https://emoji.discourse-
cdn.com/google/rofl.png?v=12) ![Here's alt text describing the image: "A
cartoon emoticon depicting a face laughing so hard it's crying. The face is
predominantly yellow-gold, with a wide, open mouth showing a pink tongue and
white teeth. Two large, teardrop-shaped light blue tears stream down from its
eyes, which are squeezed shut in a joyful expression. The lines around the
eyes and mouth are black, suggesting intense laughter. The overall style is
simple and rounded, similar to a common emoji
design."](https://emoji.discourse-cdn.com/google/rofl.png?v=12)



---
**23f3004114** on 2025-02-15T18:34:57.076Z:

reading this at 12:01 after submitting A1 to A7 . okay sleeping now. lets see
if what i can finish tomorrow.



---
**rohitgarg** on 2025-02-15T20:20:01.955Z:

yes Ayush, you mentioned about your [heart and liver
problems.](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/project-1-llm-based-
automation-agent-discussion-thread-tds-jan-2025/164277/460)  
its necessary that your heart feels good

(just kidding bro ![Here's alt text for the image: "A bright yellow emoji with
a wide, happy grin and closed eyes, suggesting laughter. A single, light blue
droplet of sweat is positioned near the emoji's right side, indicating
exertion or relief. The emoji is set against a slightly darker orange
background."](https://emoji.discourse-cdn.com/google/sweat_smile.png?v=12))



---
**namanshyamsukha** on 2025-02-16T18:50:57.362Z:

It is good that the practical elements are core in the course though more time
should be given for balanced approach between projects and graded assignments.

There were some issues I faced. For example, the GitHub link of the datagen.py
was incorrect and I was confused due to the code not generating the expected
outcome.

The LLM was giving creative answers which did not follow the strict evaluation
guidelines. So, the case was not passed. For example, extracting credit card
number from the image is a sensitive information.

I am alright with it since the evaluation will be different.

Now, I am really well versed with the tools taught in these weeks. Thanking
the whole TDS Team for this project which was very well designed. ![Here's alt
text for the image: "A large, bright yellow emoji with a wide, open smile and
a pink tongue showing. The emoji has two small, dark brown eyes. The
background is a slightly darker orange-yellow color. The overall impression is
one of happiness and joy."](https://emoji.discourse-
cdn.com/google/grinning.png?v=12)



---
**Jivraj** on 2025-02-19T11:01:00.149Z:

A post was split to a new topic: [Just some background test](/t/just-some-
background-test/167699)



