# Project 1 discrepancy regarding mit license

[View on Discourse](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/project-1-discrepancy-regarding-mit-license/171485)

---
**22f3000585** on 2025-04-01T05:16:56.562Z:

Sir,

The License file is present in the github repository however i received a mail
that said that it was absent.  

[![Here's alt text for the image: A dark-themed GitHub repository view for a
project named "tds_project-1" is shown. The repository is public. The main
section displays a file list on the left and a commit history on the right.
Files include "_pycache_", "venv" (folders), "Dockerfile", "LICENSE", "MIT
LICENSE", "app.py", "requirements.txt", and "test.txt". The commit history
shows actions such as "Create LICENSE", "Final Submission", and "First
submission", with timestamps indicating actions from "now" and "2 months ago".
The overall color scheme is dark gray and black, with accents of light green
for the project icon and some text highlights. The top right shows buttons
labeled "Pin" and "Unwatch". Additional header information includes "1
Branch," "0 Tags," and "6 Commits". The commit hash is visible as
`c61a6ef`.](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/a/6/a63b3e5cf7847aad19780199e18d9767880f3de8_2_690x405.png)image1145×673
33.8 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/a/6/a63b3e5cf7847aad19780199e18d9767880f3de8.png
"image")

  

[![Here's alt text describing the image: "A text-based evaluation report shows
the results of a Project 1 submission. The top line states, 'If you fail to
meet this minimum requirement your submission will not get evaluated.' Below
this, a series of checks are listed. Each line assesses a specific
requirement, such as the presence of a Docker image, a Github repository, a
Dockerfile, and an MIT license. Each item is marked as 'PASS' or 'FAIL'. The
final result is that 'Prerequisites: FAIL' and 'Project 1 Score: 0'. The text
is black on a white background."](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/3/4/3401452ad3977fe3c1b1abed1f71a21c212e2b67.png)image633×336
7.1 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/3/4/3401452ad3977fe3c1b1abed1f71a21c212e2b67.png
"image")

Sir I thought that the ‘LICENSE’ file had to be renamed to ‘MIT LICENSE’.  
Can you please look into it. Thankyou!



---
**Jivraj** on 2025-04-01T20:57:59.477Z:

Hi [@22f3000585](/u/22f3000585)

Standard MIT License naming criteria is to be named as LICENSE or
LICENSE.md(all caps).

[Adding a license to a repository - GitHub
Docs](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-
healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository)

Kind regards



---
**22f3000585** on 2025-04-02T04:12:14.016Z:

[![Here's alt text describing the image: "A screenshot of a text message
explaining why a GitHub submission failed. The message states that the
submission, located at 'https://github.com/22f3000585/tds_project-1.git',
failed because the repository was not found, there was no MIT license file,
and there was no Dockerfile. The words 'No such repo', 'No "MIT"', and 'No
Dockerfile' are highlighted in a pale yellow
color."](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/c/8/c8427416a3a409a40e867207ca01bfa005a13ee1.png)image931×108
3.89 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/c/8/c8427416a3a409a40e867207ca01bfa005a13ee1.png
"image")

  
Sir, this is why i renamed it to ‘MIT LICENSE’.  
Sir can you please consider it. Thank you!



---
**24ds2000125** on 2025-04-02T11:20:10.590Z:

Same here. I also added and saved the file as MIT license because of the
following message. I request you to please consider evaluating the project.  

[![Here's alt text describing the image: "A white background displays three
lines of black text. The first line reads, 'No "MIT" in LICENSE;No
Dockerfile'. The second line says, 'Please ensure that your submission passes
the above checklist for it to be even considered for scoring.' The third line
states, 'Note: We've only considered your latest submissions, as we permitted
students to submit more than once.' The word 'latest' is
underlined."](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/1/0/10955f2f7c9b561ca872130e2609cd3fbaf4c138_2_690x88.png)Screenshot
2025-04-02 at 4.49.23 PM1776×228 15.5 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/1/0/10955f2f7c9b561ca872130e2609cd3fbaf4c138.png
"Screenshot 2025-04-02 at 4.49.23 PM")



---
**carlton** on 2025-04-02T15:04:59.106Z:

[@24ds2000125](/u/24ds2000125) [@22f3000585](/u/22f3000585)

I completely appreciate that you feel these are minor issues.

But the team has decided that we cannot allow students to make changes to
their repos. Because someone else might have another minor issue they want to
fix. We have to apply the rule uniformly.

Unfortunately we cannot allow submissions that fail the prerequisites.  
Changing it now will not suddenly make it eligible.

These things do matter when done at scale. Its an important lesson Anand wants
students to understand. These “minor” things matter.

Its a bit like assembling a rocket and forgetting the checklist for the pilot.
Minor detail, costs Rs 2, but the rocket cannot leave without it.

We had a significant discussion about it internally. For the sake of fairness
to everyone who got it right, we cannot allow edits after the Project
deadline. It makes the prerequisites meaningless, especially when it was
clearly stressed upon in the sessions and the Project page.

I know you will feel very disappointed but it is the decision the team has
made and I have shared the reasons why.

Kindest regards



---
**22f3000585** on 2025-04-02T15:20:45.985Z:

Sir,  
Thankyou for your prompt reply to my query.  
I wanted to let you know that i had made change of ‘LICENSE’ to ‘MIT LICENSE’
on the 16th of Feb itself as that was the day that i had received the mail and
because I saw that the submission date had been extended by one day(i.e the
16th of Feb itself).  
I completely understand what you are trying to convey but that was the sole
reason i made that change on the 16th.  
I completely respect your decision but if there is even a slight possibility
that you consider it (only because I did it on the 16th) I would highly
appreciate it.  
Thankyou!



---
**carlton** on 2025-04-02T15:55:00.653Z:

One thing we are doing is looking at the latest commit before the 18th of Feb.
So if it was correct before the 18th of Feb then we will consider it and
evaluate it, but it has to be precisely what is expected. If so, then your
submission will be evaluated by building the image from the docker manifest in
the github present at the version before the 18th.



---
**22f3000585** on 2025-04-02T16:02:57.956Z:

Well noted sir. Thanks a lot!



---
**22f3000585** on 2025-04-06T13:59:53.894Z:

Sir, I received the mail today -  

[![Here's alt text describing the image: "A text-based image shows a pre-
requisites check with a pass/fail status. The results are listed as follows:
Docker repo exists and is public (with a timestamp before February 18th): pass
(1); Github repo exists and is public (with a timestamp before February 18th):
pass (1); Github repo contains a LICENSE or LICENSE.md file (MIT License):
fail (0); Github repo contains a Dockerfile: pass
(1)."](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/a/d/ad119b889a66e6eab18abe54c39a127738d6aecc.png)image652×156
5.43 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/a/d/ad119b889a66e6eab18abe54c39a127738d6aecc.png
"image")

  
Sir, I had already added the LICENSE and changed it to’MIT LICENSE’ due to
this reason before the deadline itself.  

[![Here's alt text for the image: "A screenshot of a text message indicating a
failed submission. The message states, 'We see that your submission [link to
github repository] has a result of FAIL due to the below reasons: No such
repo; No "MIT" in LICENSE; No Dockerfile.' The text is primarily black on a
white background. The GitHub repository link is in
blue."](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/2/4/249405cda01477954f6512c23abf1e0847f2f922_2_690x83.png)image836×101
18.2 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/2/4/249405cda01477954f6512c23abf1e0847f2f922.png
"image")

  
Sir,the rest of my prerequistes are working well.Can you please check as due
to this my project has also not been evaluated.The MIT LICENSE file was
already present in the github repo as I submitted my project’s github repo in
the google form that was provided.  

[![[Image description unavailable]](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/4/7/47978e33c2430ea0e93f2b67507864bad6a01cd8.png)image1113×487
20.2 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/4/7/47978e33c2430ea0e93f2b67507864bad6a01cd8.png
"image")

  
Sir can you please check.  
Thankyou



