# PYQ Haversine

[View on Discourse](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/pyq-haversine/172546)

---
**Sagan** on 2025-04-12T12:32:53.702Z:

[![Alt text: A screenshot shows a quiz practice website on a Windows computer.
The main content displays a question about calculating the distance between
two points using the Haversine formula. The text includes latitude and
longitude coordinates for two locations (Location A and Location B). The
question is presented within a larger context of an end-term quiz for a course
on Time Series Data (TDS). The quiz has 40 questions and is labelled "2024 Dec
22: IIT M FN EXAM QDD2". The overall color scheme is dark, with light-colored
text on a predominantly black background. A question menu with numbered
buttons (1-40) is visible, indicating the progress through the quiz. The top
of the screen shows a browser address bar with a website address related to
quiz practice. Several tabs in the browser are also visible, indicating other
online resources or courses.](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/e/c/ec056436956f57e59ec82e28ba057bcac702e5b9_2_690x388.png)Screenshot
(883)1920×1080 368 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/e/c/ec056436956f57e59ec82e28ba057bcac702e5b9.png
"Screenshot \(883\)")

  

[![Alt text: A screenshot shows a computer screen displaying a quiz question
about the Haversine formula, which calculates distances between two points on
a sphere. The main text is a dark gray on a light gray background. The
question involves converting degrees to radians and applying the Haversine
formula. A numerical question menu is visible on the left, showing a list of
questions 1-40. The top of the screen displays a browser address bar with a
URL containing "quizpractice.space," along with various tabs and icons. The
question itself includes mathematical formulas and calculations, with
numerical values for latitude and longitude presented in radians. The overall
color scheme is dark, with shades of gray and a few accents in lighter colors.
The text "Does this look correct?" is prominent near the bottom, indicating an
interactive element.](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/b/b/bbcfe87fc66baeed2b84b5fa886be843839c8f04_2_690x388.jpeg)Screenshot
(884)1920×1080 134 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/b/b/bbcfe87fc66baeed2b84b5fa886be843839c8f04.jpeg
"Screenshot \(884\)")

  

[![Alt text: A screenshot shows a quiz question on a dark-themed webpage. The
question asks to calculate the distance in meters between two locations using
the Haversine formula. The locations are the Emergency Supply Center
(Latitude: 40.7222, Longitude: -74.0134) and Eastview Medical Center
(Latitude: 40.7306, Longitude: -73.9866). Four multiple-choice options are
provided, showing distances in meters: 1,975, 2,346, 2,925, and 3,254. The
quiz information indicates it's an "End Term Quiz" for the subject "TDS," with
a total of 40 marks. A question menu shows a numbered list of questions, with
question 19 highlighted. The overall color scheme is dark, with light-grey or
white text. The URL bar displays
"quizpractice.space".](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/1/2/12e0850750ac2455a741c15bc7af8afb42e74fb8_2_690x388.png)Screenshot
(885)1920×1080 315 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/1/2/12e0850750ac2455a741c15bc7af8afb42e74fb8.png
"Screenshot \(885\)")

  

[![Alt text: A screenshot shows a quiz question on a dark-themed quiz website.
The question asks which of four listed hospitals is closest to an emergency
supply center, given their latitude and longitude coordinates. The coordinates
of the center are (40.7222, -74.0134). The options are radio buttons with the
names and coordinates of the hospitals. The left side of the screen displays
quiz information, including exam name, subject (TDS), total marks (40.00), and
a question menu showing 40 numbered questions with question 20 highlighted.
The overall color scheme is dark gray and black with green accents. The top of
the screen shows a browser address bar with a website address visible. There
is a timer at the bottom of the quiz.](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/d/b/dbc48b38657ebbba8ddaf78f346cba73b1d9b032_2_690x388.png)Screenshot
(886)1920×1080 308 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/d/b/dbc48b38657ebbba8ddaf78f346cba73b1d9b032.png
"Screenshot \(886\)")

This question is in 2024 Dec22: IIT M FN EXAM QDD2  
Can anyone tell how to solve this?



