# ROE Common Snippets Repo Feb 2025

[View on Discourse](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/roe-common-snippets-repo-feb-2025/168901)

---
**22f1000120** on 2025-03-01T21:00:35.056Z:

[github.com](https://github.com/ritwiktrivedi/ROE-Master-Snippets-File)

![Here's alt text describing the image: A GitHub repository page showing
information for the project "ritwiktrivedi/ROE-Master-Snippets-File". A
headshot of a man with dark hair, glasses, and a beard, wearing a light-
colored collared shirt, is displayed in the upper right corner. The
repository's title is shown prominently at the top in dark gray text on a
light gray background. Below, statistics are listed: "Contributors: 4,"
"Issues: 0," "Stars: 2," and "Forks: 4." The GitHub logo is present in the
bottom right corner. The background color is primarily light gray with an
orange bar at the very bottom.](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/4/7/4780e9efee3fee9a734598aa75a48693828aadb0_2_690x344.png)

### [GitHub - ritwiktrivedi/ROE-Master-Snippets-
File](https://github.com/ritwiktrivedi/ROE-Master-Snippets-File)

Contribute to ritwiktrivedi/ROE-Master-Snippets-File development by creating
an account on GitHub.

This is a repo some of us have been working on. It not complete but we are
getting there. PRs are appreciated.

Thanks to the course team for giving us this idea of having snippets for
common operations.



---
**22f1000120** on 2025-03-01T21:08:47.201Z:

I am too sleepy to work on it now… So seriously… PRs are not only appreciated
but needed. Just add the basic parsing code or image manipulation for ga5. I
will try and add in the morning but who doesn’t like Good PRs? Also mentioning
[@23f2005325](/u/23f2005325) (Aishik) here for his wonderful PR which I have
now merged.



---
**23f2000573** on 2025-03-01T23:15:51.991Z:

hi, thanks to you and the other contributors for the effort

i have added llm week-3 codes through pull request. my code my not be perfect.
but when I ran it in my laptop, it worked fine. pls do verify once before ROE



---
**22f1000120** on 2025-03-02T03:51:09.190Z:

[![Here's alt text describing the image: A dark-themed screenshot shows a
source control graph, likely from a Git repository. A vertical line with
colored dots connects a series of commits or merges. Each dot is labeled with
a short description of the change, such as "Merge pull request #2," "Added
chardet code," and "Add link to base64guru website." The branch name "main" is
also visible. The top shows a dropdown menu and controls labeled "SOURCE
CONTROL GR...", "Auto", and various other icons representing common Git
actions. The overall color scheme is dark, with the text in light gray and the
dots in various colors, including blue, orange, pink, and teal. Usernames and
partial URLs are included in some descriptions.](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/6/4/64c7cdf7626ee50fdc262143cf9484c83a546333.png)image401×374
21 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/6/4/64c7cdf7626ee50fdc262143cf9484c83a546333.png
"image")

  
This looks beautiful ![Here's alt text for the image: "A simple, cartoon-style
red heart. The heart is glossy, with lighter red highlights suggesting a
three-dimensional effect. The background is black."](https://emoji.discourse-
cdn.com/google/heart.png?v=12)



---
**22f1000120** on 2025-03-02T11:27:20.581Z:

Failure is part of life. My laptop hanged and despite having all the needed
resources I panicked and the exam went the way it went. I take this as a
lesson. This resource will be refined further. I thank everyone involved. I am
glad that many benefitted and were actually able to score well.



