# [TDS JAN 25] Imp. Announcement for Project 2

[View on Discourse](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/tds-jan-25-imp-announcement-for-project-2/170413)

---
**carlton** on 2025-03-19T05:09:39.178Z:

# ![Here's alt text describing the image: "A cartoon-style megaphone, angled
slightly to the right. The megaphone is primarily white with a red section at
the back and handle. The speaker portion is dark teal/blue-green. The image is
simple and likely represents announcements or
communication."](https://emoji.discourse-cdn.com/google/loudspeaker.png?v=14)
Dear Learners,

## Prof. Anand Live Session Alert!

  * **![Here's alt text describing the image: "A simple, light blue analog clock shows the time of approximately 2:55 or 14:55. The clock face is white with dark brown hour and minute hands. The numbers are subtly indicated by small, dark marks. The clock has a slightly rounded, light blue bezel."](https://emoji.discourse-cdn.com/google/nine_o_clock.png?v=14) Date & Time:** Wednesday, March 19, 2025 · 9:00 – 10:00 PM (IST) 2025-03-19T15:30:00Z
  * **![Here's alt text describing the image: "A simple, cartoonish illustration of a gray microphone with a light blue band near the head. The microphone is angled slightly to the right. There is no text visible."](https://emoji.discourse-cdn.com/google/microphone.png?v=14) Speaker:** **Professor Anand** ([@s.anand](/u/s.anand))
  * **![Here's alt text for the image: "A bright red pushpin, depicted in a slightly pixelated style, is set against a black background. The pin's head is round with a slightly domed top, and its shaft is a light grayish-blue metal color."](https://emoji.discourse-cdn.com/google/pushpin.png?v=14) Topic:** Project 2 Q&A + General Course Queries
  * **![Here's alt text describing the image: "A light blue, stylized image of two chain links interlocked. The links are smooth and rounded, with a slightly lighter blue inner highlight suggesting a metallic sheen. The image is set against a black background."](https://emoji.discourse-cdn.com/google/link.png?v=14) Google Meet Link:** [Join Here](https://meet.google.com/jdr-pquo-vza)

* * *

## ![Here's alt text describing the image: "A simple illustration of a yellow
pencil resting diagonally across a light blue-bordered sheet of paper with
handwritten lines of text. The pencil has a red eraser and a light blue band
near the eraser. The overall color scheme is light and
cheerful."](https://emoji.discourse-cdn.com/google/memo.png?v=14) How to
Prepare for the Live Session

### ![Here's alt text for the image: "A light blue, square button with a
three-dimensional effect. The number '1' is prominently displayed in the
center in a larger, white, sans-serif font."](https://emoji.discourse-
cdn.com/google/one.png?v=14) Ask Questions in Advance on THIS thread

  * If you have doubts about **Project 2** , post your specific questions in this thread.
  * Struggling to phrase your question clearly? Use the **TDS GPT Assistant** to refine your question before posting.
  * ![Here's alt text for the image: "A light blue, stylized image of two chain links interlocked. The links are smooth and rounded, with a slightly lighter blue inner highlight suggesting a reflective surface. The image represents a connection or link, commonly used as a symbol for hyperlinks or connections between things."](https://emoji.discourse-cdn.com/google/link.png?v=14) [TDS GPT Assistant](https://chatgpt.com/g/g-mZqKVxKDx-iitm-tds-teaching-assistant)
  * Please keep this thread clean and do not use it for banter or solutions. Its only for questions.
  * Check if someone else has already asked the question before posting. Instead just use a thumbs up.
  * If you still feel the question has not been asked exactly the way you would frame it, then go ahead and ask it.

### ![Here's alt text describing the image: "A light grey, square button with
a beveled, three-dimensional appearance. The number '2' is prominently
displayed in the center in a larger, bold, white font. The button suggests a
numbered step or option, possibly in a sequence or
process."](https://emoji.discourse-cdn.com/google/two.png?v=14) Continue Using
the [original Project 2 Discussion
Thread](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/project-2-tds-solver-
discussion-thread/169029/62) for solutions

  * The **Project 2 Discussion Thread** is still available for peer and faculty support.
  * ![Here's alt text for the image: "A bright red pushpin, depicted in a slightly pixelated style, is shown against a black background. The pin head is rounded and slightly glossy in appearance, with a lighter shade of red in the center. The pin itself is a light grayish-blue metal. No text is present."](https://emoji.discourse-cdn.com/google/pushpin.png?v=14) [Discussion Thread Link](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/project-2-tds-solver-discussion-thread/169029/62)

### ![Here's alt text for the image: "A light blue, square button with a
slightly beveled, three-dimensional effect. The number '3' is prominently
displayed in the center in white, sans-serif font."](https://emoji.discourse-
cdn.com/google/three.png?v=14) Purpose of This Thread

  * Prof. Anand will **review questions in advance** to ensure an effective live session.
  * Please post **only relevant, well-structured questions** here.

* * *

**Don’t miss this opportunity! Get your questions ready and join the
session.**  
![Here's alt text for the image: Close-up shot of several hands, appearing to
be of light-brown or tan skin tones, interacting with a dark blue, almost
purple, surface that has small, light-colored dots or markings across it,
possibly a touch-sensitive interface. The hands are mostly blurred due to
motion, suggesting interaction or manipulation of the surface. The overall
lighting is dim, casting a warm glow on the hands. The scene is unclear as to
exact context, but the interaction suggests technology or a specialized
tool.](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/1/9/19c5c248dceb99f92fc6975ca016a3c828bc6318.gif)  
Kind regards,  
_TDS Team_



---
**carlton** on 2025-03-19T05:09:50.078Z:





---
**kushabarodekar** on 2025-03-19T15:24:25.468Z:

Hi [@carlton](/u/carlton) ,

Will this session be recorded and shared later?  
It conflicts with live session of BA and that session is specially told that
It will not be recorded.



---
**Muthupalaniappan** on 2025-03-19T19:54:21.055Z:

[@carlton](/u/carlton) sir, I too prefer a recording. I did not even attend
the session due to personal work which I couldn"t avoid. Pls support



---
**Jivraj** on 2025-03-19T23:07:07.389Z:

[@kushabarodekar](/u/kushabarodekar) [@Muthupalaniappan](/u/muthupalaniappan)

As usual recording will be uploaded to youtube.



---
**carlton** on 2025-03-20T09:21:20.196Z:

[ ![Here's alt text describing the image: Close-up shot of a man's face during
a Google Meet video call. He has graying hair, tan skin, and a serious
expression. He's wearing a light gray shirt and appears to have a dark-colored
headset or microphone attached to his ears. The background is a plain white
wall with a power outlet visible to the left. The top right corner displays
the Google Meet logo. The text "Anand S" is visible in the bottom left corner.
A portion of what appears to be a whiteboard with faint markings is visible in
the background behind the man.](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/3/e/3efcd748f78a7c057c71077f79d7b0858622b9ff.jpeg)
](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RToHBe6yB_4)

This is the recording of the session.

Kind regards



