# Tds jan 2025 calender accesss and video lecture access in portal

[View on Discourse](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/tds-jan-2025-calender-accesss-and-video-lecture-access-in-portal/163158)

---
**RaunakThatoi** on 2025-01-13T16:45:09.817Z:

dear [@carlton](/u/carlton) sir i am unable to access the course calender for
tds and also not able to get the recorded videos of tds in my portal.kindly
help me out with this



---
**jahnavih** on 2025-01-13T17:01:32.562Z:

Same issue with me sir.  
This is how my dashboard looks like. It shows the same for week 2 as well.

[![Here's alt text describing the image: A screenshot shows a web page
interface for a graded assignment. The left side displays a navigation menu
with sections for "Modules" and "Grades," each containing expandable items
such as "Course Introduction," "Module 1: Development Tools," "Graded
Assignment 1," and "Module 2: Deployment Tools." The main content area
displays "Graded Assignment 1," with a due date of "2025-01-26, 23:59 IST".
Instructions follow, explaining that multiple submissions are allowed before
the deadline and providing troubleshooting steps for access issues (e.g.,
disabling ad blockers, enabling cookies and Javascript, using Chrome,
disabling browser extensions, and checking antivirus software). The text also
emphasizes using a student ID (example provided) for submission. Finally, a
yes/no radio button question asks if the user has viewed the assignment using
a provided link. The overall color scheme is light gray and white with dark
gray accents. The IIT Madras logo is visible at the top
left.](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/7/8/782e69e2b13a88c1e2dd54a2cb28d8778828c041_2_690x413.jpeg)dashboard_tds_jahnaviHunsigida936×561
93.3 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/7/8/782e69e2b13a88c1e2dd54a2cb28d8778828c041.jpeg
"dashboard_tds_jahnaviHunsigida")



---
**carlton** on 2025-01-13T17:25:38.996Z:

[@RaunakThatoi](/u/raunakthatoi) [@jahnavih](/u/jahnavih)

The course content is available at

[![Here's alt text for the image: "Screenshot of an online course module page.
The top shows 'IIT Madras Jan 2025-TDS'. The left sidebar lists 'Modules' and
'Grades', with course modules including 'Course Introduction', 'Module 1:
Development Tools', and 'Module 2: Deployment Tools'. The main content area
displays 'Course Introduction' with a five-star rating of 5/5 (1 review) and a
'Submit a review' button. Below, it states 'The entire course will be
available at this link:', followed by a button that says 'TDS 2025 Jan Term'
in purple text."](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/b/7/b7c29496f7b2a20dc259fb7176a17e75513d1f20_2_690x262.png)Screenshot
2025-01-13 at 22.47.142068×788 75.4 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/b/7/b7c29496f7b2a20dc259fb7176a17e75513d1f20.png
"Screenshot 2025-01-13 at 22.47.14")

At [Tools in Data Science](https://tds.s-anand.net/#/) the course calendar is
also available.

[![Here's alt text describing the image: "Screenshot of a webpage showing
course information. On the left, a dark grey sidebar lists sections titled
'Tools in Data Science,' 'Development Tools,' 'Deployment Tools,' 'Large
Language Models,' 'Data Sourcing,' 'Data Preparation,' 'Data Analysis,' and
'Data Visualization.' On the right, the main content area displays 'Course
Links' with links to a discussion forum, a student handbook, and a course home
page. Below this, a 'Jan 2025 Links' section lists links to a grading
document, course page, course calendar, announcement group, course materials,
and TA sessions with a YouTube playlist. The overall color scheme is dark grey
and light grey text on a dark background. The text is in a clear sans-serif
font."](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/d/f/dfbb3776487be8186e362fb0f11ec940f82939b0_2_690x365.png)Screenshot
2025-01-13 at 22.51.332044×1082 250 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/d/f/dfbb3776487be8186e362fb0f11ec940f82939b0.png
"Screenshot 2025-01-13 at 22.51.33")

Likewise the GAs also are available through the links in the seek portal as
well as on the course domain shared above.

The course introduction has very important information. Many students who
faced problems in Tools for Data Science in previous terms usually never read
the intro. Please be diligent to read _everything carefully._

Don’t gloss over these bits (they are expandable if you click on them) for eg…

[![Here's alt text describing the image: A dark-grey background displays a
bulleted list of four statements in white text. The bullet points are small
right-pointing triangles. The text reads: "This course exposes you to real-
life tools," "This course is quite hard," "Programming skills are a pre-
requisite," and "We encourage learning by
sharing."](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/f/3/f35f45e7fddf76617cfba3d572f348f225c6978f.png)Screenshot
2025-01-13 at 22.59.19778×268 22.7 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/f/3/f35f45e7fddf76617cfba3d572f348f225c6978f.png
"Screenshot 2025-01-13 at 22.59.19")

[![Here's alt text for the image: A dark-grey screen displays information
about a challenging course. The main text is white. At the top, a collapsible
section shows "This course exposes you to real-life tools" and, when expanded,
"This course is quite hard." Below this, a section titled "Here's students'
feedback:" lists several bullet points summarizing student opinions: The
course was easier before 2024, now it's more difficult and time-consuming, the
grading is unpredictable, and the Return on Experience (ROE) is hard. Further
down, the text states that a good understanding of Python, JavaScript, HTML,
HTTP, Excel, and data science concepts is necessary. A prominent call to
action encourages taking "Graded assignment 1" to assess readiness. Finally,
the screen notes that programming skills are a prerequisite and encourages
collaborative learning. Throughout, the symbol ### is used repeatedly, likely
to represent additional, possibly subjective or censored,
feedback.](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/f/6/f6b27ff9eac7292e61489e8e695d2cafc433ad86_2_690x376.png)Screenshot
2025-01-13 at 23.01.491684×920 104 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/f/6/f6b27ff9eac7292e61489e8e695d2cafc433ad86.png
"Screenshot 2025-01-13 at 23.01.49")

Kind regards



---
**Mandy** on 2025-01-25T11:46:39.675Z:

I’m confused where exactly is the TDS course?  

[![Here's alt text describing the image: A screenshot shows an online graded
assignment interface. The main section displays a question asking if the user
has viewed and attempted Graded Assignment 1, with "Yes" and "No" radio
buttons for answering. Below this is a "Submit Answers" button. The interface
is primarily white and light gray with dark gray accents. A sidebar on the
left lists course modules including "Course Introduction," "Module 1:
Development Tools," "Module 2: Deployment Tools," "Module 3: Large Language
Models," "Project 1," and "Learning Feedback." The top right of the screen
shows some standard browser control icons. The assignment's due date
(2025-01-31, 23:59 GMT) is prominently displayed, along with troubleshooting
tips for accessing the assignment. A purple hyperlink within the instructions
is labeled "this link". The question is worth one
point.](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/c/2/c27c6f5e0febea8fee5c5ae9668eadf3bcdb8149_2_690x385.png)image1920×1073
124 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/c/2/c27c6f5e0febea8fee5c5ae9668eadf3bcdb8149.png
"image")

  
Where are the weekly videos?  
Where and what is the assignment?  
I’m confused.



---
**carlton** on 2025-01-25T13:45:37.712Z:

Kindly refer to this post

![Here's alt text for the image: "Headshot of a man with tan skin, wearing
black-framed glasses and a purple collared shirt. He has short dark hair and a
slight smile. The background is a pale yellow or
beige."](https://dub1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/user_avatar/discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/carlton/48/56317_2.png)
[Tds jan 2025 calender accesss and video lecture access in
portal](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/tds-jan-2025-calender-
accesss-and-video-lecture-access-in-portal/163158/3) [Tools in Data
Science](/c/courses/tds-kb/34)

> [@RaunakThatoi](/u/raunakthatoi) [@jahnavih](/u/jahnavih) The course content
> is available at [[Screenshot 2025-01-13 at
> 22.47.14]](https://europe1.discourse-
> cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/b/7/b7c29496f7b2a20dc259fb7176a17e75513d1f20.png
> "Screenshot 2025-01-13 at 22.47.14") At [Tools in Data
> Science](https://tds.s-anand.net/#/) the course calendar is also available.
> [[Screenshot 2025-01-13 at 22.51.33]](https://europe1.discourse-
> cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/d/f/dfbb3776487be8186e362fb0f11ec940f82939b0.png
> "Screenshot 2025-01-13 at 22.51.33") Likewise the GAs also are available
> through the links in the seek portal as well as on the course domain shared
> above. The course introduction has very important information. Many students
> who faced problems in Tools for Data Science in previous terms usually never
> read the intro. Please be dilig…

Kind regards



