# Tds: assignment is not submitting

[View on Discourse](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/tds-assignment-is-not-submitting/166189)

---
**23f3002530** on 2025-02-03T06:54:27.787Z:

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand)  
dear sir  
i have taken tds in this term. after the first assignment there was no
checkbox provided to any graded assignment .for this reason i just saved the
assignment at the portal link .and now after the deadline its showing my
assignment had not been submitted. pls do something please do it fast.



---
**Saransh_Saini** on 2025-02-03T10:42:34.471Z:

![Here's alt text for the image: "A slightly blurry, medium shot of a middle-
aged man with a mustache sitting outdoors. He's wearing a horizontally striped
navy and white short-sleeved shirt and blue jeans. His expression is pleasant.
The background is out of focus but appears to be an outdoor market or busy
street scene with indistinct signage and objects in muted colors. The overall
color palette is somewhat muted, with blues, whites, and dark neutral tones
dominating."](https://dub1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/user_avatar/discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/saransh_saini/48/123495_2.png)
[GA2 - Deployment Tools - Discussion Thread [TDS Jan
2025]](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/ga2-deployment-tools-
discussion-thread-tds-jan-2025/161120/171) [Tools in Data
Science](/c/courses/tds-kb/34)

> We have removed that button, cause it was causing confusion among the
> students. If you have saved your answers on the TDS portal then you need not
> worry, you will be marked. The button was just there to ensure you saw the
> assignment on the TDS portal. Regards, TDS TA

Read this



---
**Rishabh2** on 2025-02-05T17:17:25.350Z:

I saved that too but right now scores of GA2 isn’t visible for me. And in
score section it’s showing assignment not submitted.
[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)



---
**carlton** on 2025-02-06T02:24:28.000Z:

Your scores are evaluated on a site that is external to the seek portal and is
not integrated with the seek portal. Therefore seek does not know if you have
submitted or not and by default says that it has not been submitted because it
cannot see your external evaluation. There will not be a fix for this for some
time.

Scores for GA1, GA2, GA3, GA4, GA5, Project1, Project2, ROE will NOT be inside
your seek portal.

**The scores will only be visible in the dashboard.** Just ignore anything
inside seek portal. The dashboard is where all your subject score cards
exists.

As stated in multiple places on discourse as well as in live sessions, The
final score is always your last submission. If your dashboard score does not
match your final submission score on the assignment page, only then contact us
regarding your marks.

Kind regards



---
**23f3002530** on 2025-02-03T05:35:17.285Z:

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@iamprasna](/u/iamprasna) i have taken tds in this term.
after the first assignment there was no checkbox provided to any graded
assignment .for this reason i just saved the assignment at the portal link
.and now after the deadline its showing my assignment had not been submitted.
pls do something please do it fast.



---
**shriaviator** on 2025-02-07T02:08:32.080Z:

[@23f3002530](/u/23f3002530)  
Topic moved to the appropriate category in order to get faster responses.

**Please make it easier for others to help you, by ensuring that topics are
created in the correct categories.**



---
**carlton** on 2025-02-07T03:17:32.740Z:

[@23f3002530](/u/23f3002530)

Please refer to this post.

![Here's alt text for the image: "Headshot of a man with dark hair and
glasses. He's wearing a purple collared shirt and has a neutral, slightly
smiling expression. The background is a pale yellow or beige. No text is
visible in the image."](https://dub1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/user_avatar/discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/carlton/48/56317_2.png)
[Tds: assignment is not
submitting](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/tds-assignment-is-not-
submitting/166189/6) [Tools in Data Science](/c/courses/tds-kb/34)

> Your scores are evaluated on a site that is external to the seek portal and
> is not integrated with the seek portal. Therefore seek does not know if you
> have submitted or not and by default says that it has not been submitted
> because it cannot see your external evaluation. There will not be a fix for
> this for some time. Scores for GA1, GA2, GA3, GA4, GA5, Project1, Project2,
> ROE will NOT be inside your seek portal. The scores will only be visible in
> the dashboard. Just ignore anything inside se…

Kind regards



---
**bhavanagv** on 2025-02-06T20:28:05.908Z:

[![Here's alt text for the image: A screenshot shows a browser window
displaying a graded online assignment. The main text is in English and
indicates that the assignment ended on Wednesday, February 5th, 2025, at 11:59
PM IST. The current score is 0. A red banner provides instructions: students
may use any resources (internet, ChatGPT, friends, etc.) and are encouraged to
"hack" the code if needed. A light teal box invites users with questions to
join a discussion on Discourse. The user is logged in as
23f3004066@ds.study.iitm.ac.in. Below this, a light green box displays three
recent saves of the assignment with timestamps and a score of 8 each. The
bottom shows the start of a “Questions” section and a search bar. The overall
color scheme is predominantly white and light green with accents of red and
teal. The browser's taskbar is visible at the bottom, showing various
application icons.](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/d/5/d51f4ef2faa1d935371f7b95e9d49a85435b481d_2_690x388.png)Screenshot
(313)1920×1080 243 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/d/5/d51f4ef2faa1d935371f7b95e9d49a85435b481d.png
"Screenshot \(313\)")



---
**carlton** on 2025-02-07T00:46:09.257Z:

Dear Bhavanagv,

The scores have not been pushed to the dashboard yet. Ignore seek portal. Seek
portal will not have your submission or your scores because it is evaluated
externally from the seek portal.

Kind regards



---
**22f3000585** on 2025-02-03T12:50:07.690Z:

I had submitted the assignment still it’s shwoing that my score is 0 and that
i have not submitted the assignment.

Can you please look into it as i had saved my answers as well timely.  

[![Here's alt text describing the image: A dark teal-colored box displays a
list of recent saves. The header, "Recent saves," is in a lighter teal. Below,
three lines show save details. Each line contains a blue "Reload" button,
followed by the save date and time (all on February 2nd, 2025, between 9:04:51
PM and 9:04:58 PM), and finally the score, which is 4 for each save. A small
red dot is visible to the left of the top save.](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/5/1/51fd5a5ad1f47e528360f19eb4fcaaccc3cee612.png)image547×258
12.3 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/5/1/51fd5a5ad1f47e528360f19eb4fcaaccc3cee612.png
"image")



---
**Pururaj** on 2025-02-03T18:47:17.785Z:

same thing with my assignment even though i submitted it



---
**Jivraj** on 2025-02-03T22:46:28.017Z:

Scores will soon be pushed to seek portal, till then it will show 0.



---
**HRISHIKESH** on 2025-02-04T15:23:50.195Z:

Same for me…deadline is over and assignment not submitted…



---
**23f2003413** on 2025-02-05T06:58:39.938Z:

same issue here as well



---
**SameerNaik** on 2025-02-05T18:37:49.504Z:

Yes, same observation for my assignment as well.



---
**carlton** on 2025-02-06T02:23:54.000Z:

Scores for GA1, GA2, GA3, GA4, GA5, Project1, Project2, ROE will NOT be inside
your seek portal.

The scores will only be visible in the dashboard. Just ignore anything inside
the seek portal.

As stated in multiple places in discourse as well as in live sessions, The
final score is always your last submission.

Kind regards



---
**23f2000232** on 2025-02-07T14:50:45.736Z:

There are some errors in grading for GA2 and GA3 for TDS, even after
submitting the assignments score 0 was given and the seek portal displayed
assignment was not submitted given that the login was from my own account and
was submitted before the time and still got a score of 0.  

[![Here's alt text describing the image: A screenshot shows a dark-themed
online quiz interface. The top displays "Ended at Wed, 5 Feb, 2025, 11:59 pm
IST Score: 0," followed by buttons labeled "Check all" and "Save." Below,
numbered instructions in light text on a dark background explain how to take
the quiz: check answers, save progress, and reload. The instructions emphasize
that the quiz allows for using any resources, including the internet and AI,
and even hacking the code. A teal button invites users to "Join the discussion
on Discourse." The user is identified as logged in as
"23f2000232@ds.study.iitm.ac.in" with a "Logout" button. A section titled
"Recent saves" displays three lines indicating previous attempts with
timestamps and scores (Score: 6, Score: 6, Score: 4.5). The overall color
scheme is dark gray and teal, with red accents in the
header.](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/2/9/29b6332cf814991a2cdae74355e67478bcc57c57_2_690x356.png)Screenshot
2025-02-07 2013161859×960 88.4 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/2/9/29b6332cf814991a2cdae74355e67478bcc57c57.png
"Screenshot 2025-02-07 201316")

  
and the same happened for the 3rd assignment



---
**carlton** on 2025-02-07T15:07:24.073Z:

Please refer to this post.

![Here's alt text for the image: "Headshot of a man with tan skin, dark hair,
and dark-framed glasses. He's wearing a purple collared shirt. The background
is a pale yellow or beige. He has a slight smile."](https://dub1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/user_avatar/discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/carlton/48/56317_2.png)
[Tds: assignment is not
submitting](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/tds-assignment-is-not-
submitting/166189/20) [Tools in Data Science](/c/courses/tds-kb/34)

> Scores for GA1, GA2, GA3, GA4, GA5, Project1, Project2, ROE will NOT be
> inside your seek portal. The scores will only be visible in the dashboard.
> Just ignore anything inside the seek portal. As stated in multiple places in
> discourse as well as in live sessions, The final score is always your last
> submission. Kind regards



---
**Dnyanu27** on 2025-02-08T12:32:16.079Z:

Only 1st Graded assignment scores are visible on dashboard. I have submitted
2nd and 3rd GA before the deadline but still it showing “not submitted” on the
seek portal…



