# Why Failed?

[View on Discourse](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/why-failed/171672)

---
**virajpitale** on 2025-04-03T10:44:03.443Z:

[![An image of a text-based evaluation report for Project 1. The report is
addressed to "Dear Learner" and details five pre-requisite checks for a
project, referencing GitHub and Docker. It states that the project requires a
publicly accessible GitHub repository containing a LICENSE file with the MIT
license and a valid Dockerfile. The Docker image must be publicly accessible,
run via podman, and use the same Dockerfile as the GitHub repository. The
evaluation results show that four out of five checks passed but the MIT
license check failed, resulting in a "Prerequisites: FAIL" and "Project 1
Score: 0". The overall color scheme is primarily black text on a white
background with a few words highlighted in a light yellow color, such as "TDS
Project 1: Evaluation" and the word "Dockerfile" in the evaluation
section.](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/d/d/dd486ca8bb6ad3279af98783a50cbc232f3fd8e6.png)Screenshot
2025-04-03 1613021268×533 16.3 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/d/d/dd486ca8bb6ad3279af98783a50cbc232f3fd8e6.png
"Screenshot 2025-04-03 161302")

  
[virajpitale/tds-project1](https://github.com/virajpitale/tds-project1)  
on github you can clearly see i added mit license still it is showing failed



---
**Jivraj** on 2025-04-03T10:47:22.621Z:

[![Here's alt text describing the image: A GitHub Docs page showing
instructions on how to add a license to a repository. The page is
predominantly dark-grey with lighter grey and white text and buttons. The main
section shows a screenshot of a GitHub interface with a file input field where
the user should type "LICENSE" or "LICENSE.md". A button labeled "Choose a
license template" is prominent. Numbered steps guide the user through the
process, including selecting a license from a list and reviewing and
submitting their changes. The top of the image shows the GitHub Docs website
address in the browser's address bar. The right side shows a section titled
"In this article" with subheadings "Including an open source..." and "Further
reading". The overall color scheme is dark, emphasizing the code and
instructions.](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/b/2/b2559e16f3dcfa20be7636f41868bec610f2ad1e_2_690x442.png)image1480×950
140 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/b/2/b2559e16f3dcfa20be7636f41868bec610f2ad1e.png
"image")

I checked your github repo MIT License file is named as `Licenese.md` but
standard naming for License is LICENSE or LICENSE.md (with all caps).



---
**virajpitale** on 2025-04-03T11:00:47.042Z:

So, should I edit the filename now, or will you count it as missing?



---
**virajpitale** on 2025-04-03T12:27:21.792Z:

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) please reply



---
**virajpitale** on 2025-04-07T12:15:01.305Z:

[![Here's alt text describing the image: "Screenshot of a dark-themed code
commit history. Four entries show commit details, each with a date, author
("virajpitale"), a brief description of the commit (e.g., "Rename License.md
to LICENSE.md"), and a commit hash. Each entry includes a green "Verified"
label and a small icon indicating a file. Dates range from February 15, 2025
to April 3, 2025. The background is dark grey/black, and text is light
grey/white."](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/2/9/29a6882ebe14812a2abcbaa3dc18405d45ec6111_2_690x209.png)Screenshot
2025-04-07 1742561710×518 33 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/2/9/29a6882ebe14812a2abcbaa3dc18405d45ec6111.png
"Screenshot 2025-04-07 174256")

  
I submitted the project **within the deadline** , and I ensured that **all
requirements were fulfilled** , including correctly adding the MIT License
file. The license file was named properly and contained the correct content.

However, I received a message stating that the MIT License was not present,
and that the prerequisites were not completed — resulting in a failed status.
This is surprising and feels unfair, as I’ve double-checked my submission and
confirmed that everything, including the license file, is in place and named
correctly.

Here is my GitHub repo for your reference: [GitHub - virajpitale/tds-
project1](https://github.com/virajpitale/tds-project1)

I kindly request a re-evaluation of my submission, as I believe I’ve met all
the required criteria. I would really appreciate your time in looking into
this matter again.

Thank you for your understanding.

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)



